8.0 compatibility docs (#5629)
dotnet/dotnet-monitor: documentation/compatibility/8.0/README.md

### Deployment: Only 1 TFM for dotnet-monitor

The `dotnet monitor` tool now targets a single framework. See [PR 5501](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-monitor/pull/5501). This has no impact on what applications can be monitored nor any impact on the dotnet-monitor docker image but installation through `dotnet tool install` will require the dotnet 8 sdk installed.

### Docker: Non-root by default

In `dotnet monitor` 8, dotnet-monitor runs as a non-root distroless container by default. If the application is based on a distroless dotnet 8 ASP.NET image, no changes are needed. However, if the app is running as root, it may require one of the following mitigations:

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Set both `runAsUser` and `runAsGroup` for each mitigation.

1. Root application, non-root dotnet-monitor

> [!NOTE]
> In reverse server mode, this appears to work for basic scenarios because it's possible to connect from the app to dotnet-monitor. However, scenarios such as callstacks and dump copying will not work.

Elevate dotnet-monitor to match the application.

``` yaml
image: mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/monitor:8
securityContext:
    runAsNonRoot: false
    runAsUser: 0
    runAsGroup: 0
```

> 2. Non-root application with a different user id than the default (the default uid/gid for dotnet non-root apps is 1654)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Non-root application with a different user id than the default (the default uid/gid for .NET 8 distroless and all .NET Ubuntu Chiseled apps is 1654)
```

Reviewer: This is true for .NET 8 and chiseled apps. Prior .NET versions running on CBL Mariner Distroless are using uid/gid of 101

``` yaml
image: mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/monitor:8
securityContext:
    runAsUser: 5000
    runAsGroup: 5000
    runAsNonRoot: true
```

3. Set the security context of _all_ the containers to be the same user. This is useful when looking at multiple containers with one dotnet-monitor

``` yaml
spec:
  securityContext:
    runAsUser: 5000
    runAsGroup: 5000
    runAsNonRoot: true
  containers:
```

4. Volume mount permissions

> When using shared volume mounts, it may be necessary set the [`fsGroup`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/#set-the-security-context-for-a-pod) for your deployment. This will grant secondary group permissions for shared volumes for both the main container and the dotnet-monitor side car.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using shared volume mounts, it may be necessary to set the [`fsGroup`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/#set-the-security-context-for-a-pod) for your deployment. This will grant secondary group permissions for shared volumes for both the main container and the dotnet-monitor side car.
```
